yeah jellify elia loads me Destin
I am watching a lady named say make some
cloth for my daughter and she's gonna
show us how a loom works sis a say you
show us what this is this is comb comb
yes this one is room this is the loom
you this one yes this comb comb yeah and
then this that's good the thread yes all
right
she's swapping between the two threads
swapping back and forth this triangle
that's a triangle yes so she has it set
up so that she can move she can move the
whole tripod with the loom as the thread
goes further down the line and over here
she has a clamp to clamp the thread in
place she has one point here to fix the
whole set up and at the other point she
has another anchor point
ah it's a loop
I see so there's a loop on top and the
loop on bottom I see and so the thread
goes between the loop I see
thank you say
and where your motion is going show you
once again stay totally stationary as a
body I can move his body and pretty much
any direction